README.md, before:

# ☁️ CloudVault - IT Infrastructure & DevOps Solutions

A modern, professional website showcasing enterprise-grade IT Infrastructure Management and DevOps solutions.

## 🌟 Features

### Core Services
- **Cloud Architecture** - Design and implement scalable cloud solutions on AWS, Azure, and GCP
- **CI/CD Pipelines** - Automate deployment workflows for faster, reliable releases
- **Infrastructure as Code** - Infrastructure automation using Terraform, CloudFormation, and Ansible
- **Containerization** - Docker and Kubernetes orchestration for microservices architecture
- **Monitoring & Logging** - Comprehensive observability with ELK, Prometheus, and Grafana
- **Security & Compliance** - Enterprise security implementations and compliance frameworks

### Infrastructure Management
- **Network Architecture** - Enterprise network design with high availability
- **Server Management** - On-premise and cloud server provisioning
- **Database Management** - SQL and NoSQL database optimization
- **Storage Solutions** - NAS, SAN, and cloud storage solutions
- **Disaster Recovery** - RTO and RPO optimization with failover mechanisms
- **System Administration** - Linux and Windows system administration

### Website Features
- 🌙 **Dark Theme** - Modern dark interface with cyan accent colors
- 📱 **Responsive Design** - Mobile-friendly layout that works on all devices
- ⚡ **Fast & Lightweight** - Single-page design with optimized performance
- 🎨 **Professional UI** - Modern gradient backgrounds and smooth animations
- 🔗 **Easy Navigation** - Intuitive menu system with smooth scrolling

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

### Supported Platforms
- Kubernetes
- Docker
- Terraform
- Jenkins
- GitLab CI/CD
- GitHub Actions
- Ansible
- Prometheus
- ELK Stack
- ArgoCD
- Helm
- AWS
- Azure
- GCP

## 📊 By The Numbers

- **99.99%** Uptime SLA
- **24/7** Support Coverage
- **500+** Infrastructure Nodes
- **100+** Deployments per Month

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge)
- Python 3.x (for local development)

### Running Locally

1. **Clone the repository**
```bash
git clone https://github.com/tripeshdhoriya/Test-Web-Code.git
cd Test-Web-Code
```

2. **Start a local web server**
```bash
# Using Python 3
python3 -m http.server 8000

# Or using Python 2
python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000
```

3. **Open in your browser**
```
http://localhost:8000
```

## 📁 Project Structure

```
Test-Web-Code/
├── index.html      # Main website file with HTML, CSS, and styling
├── README.md       # This file
└── .gitignore      # Git configuration
```

## 🎨 Design Details

### Color Scheme
- **Background**: Deep Navy (#0f1419, #1a1f2e)
- **Primary Accent**: Cyan/Turquoise (#00bcd4)
- **Text**: Light Gray (#e0e0e0, #b0b0b0)
- **Headers & Gradients**: Deep Blue (#1a237e → #283593)

### Responsive Breakpoints
- **Desktop**: Full-width layout
- **Tablet/Mobile**: Optimized single-column layout (≤768px)

## 📄 Sections Included

1. **Header** - Logo and navigation menu
2. **Hero Section** - Main headline with CTA button
3. **Services** - 6 core service offerings
4. **Infrastructure Management** - 6 infrastructure features
5. **DevOps Solutions** - Technology stack and statistics
6. **Key Features** - 6 highlight features
7. **Contact** - Get in touch section
8. **Footer** - Links and copyright info

## 🔧 Customization

### Modifying Colors
Edit the CSS variables in the `<style>` section:
- Background colors: `#0f1419`, `#1a1f2e`, `#252d3d`
- Accent color: `#00bcd4`
- Text colors: `#e0e0e0`, `#b0b0b0`

### Adding New Sections
1. Add a new `<section>` element to the HTML
2. Add corresponding CSS styles
3. Update navigation links if needed

### Updating Content
Simply edit the HTML content within each section to match your business details.

## 📱 Browser Compatibility

- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)
- Mobile browsers

## 🚢 Deployment

### GitHub Pages
1. Push changes to your GitHub repository
2. Go to Settings → Pages
3. Select "Deploy from a branch"
4. Choose the `main` branch
5. Website will be live at `https://username.github.io/Test-Web-Code`

### Other Hosting Platforms
Simply upload `index.html` to your web hosting service.

## 📝 Content Sections

### Services Section
Displays 6 primary services in a responsive grid with hover effects.

### Infrastructure Management
Shows infrastructure management capabilities with detailed feature cards.

### DevOps Solutions
- Technology badges for all supported tools and platforms
- Statistics dashboard showing key metrics
- Scalability, reliability, security, cost optimization, automation, and monitoring highlights

## 🔐 Security

- No external dependencies - completely self-contained HTML/CSS
- No JavaScript - safe and fast loading
- No tracking or analytics code
- HTTPS-ready for deployment

## 📞 Contact

For questions or support about this website:
- Email: contact@cloudvault.io
- Website: [CloudVault IT Solutions](https://tripeshdhoriya.github.io/Test-Web-Code)

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the MIT License.

## 👨‍💻 Author

Created by **Tripesh Dhoriya**

## 🎯 Future Enhancements

- [ ] Add pricing page with service tiers
- [ ] Case studies and client testimonials
- [ ] Blog section with articles
- [ ] Pricing calculator
- [ ] Team members page
- [ ] Integration with contact form backend
- [ ] Dark/Light theme toggle

## 📚 Documentation

For more information about IT Infrastructure and DevOps best practices, visit:
- [AWS Best Practices](https://aws.amazon.com/best-practices/)
- [Azure Architecture](https://azure.microsoft.com/architecture/)
- [Kubernetes Documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/)
- [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/)
- [DevOps Research](https://devops.com/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to fork, make improvements, and submit pull requests.

## ⭐ Support

If you find this project helpful, please consider:
- Giving it a star ⭐
- Sharing it with others
- Providing feedback for improvements

---

**Version**: 1.0.0  
**Last Updated**: February 17, 2026  
**Status**: Active & Maintained ✅

Commit message:

Add GitHub Codespaces instructions to README

README.md, after:

# ☁️ CloudVault - IT Infrastructure & DevOps Solutions

A modern, professional website showcasing enterprise-grade IT Infrastructure Management and DevOps solutions.

## 🌟 Features

### Core Services
- **Cloud Architecture** - Design and implement scalable cloud solutions on AWS, Azure, and GCP
- **CI/CD Pipelines** - Automate deployment workflows for faster, reliable releases
- **Infrastructure as Code** - Infrastructure automation using Terraform, CloudFormation, and Ansible
- **Containerization** - Docker and Kubernetes orchestration for microservices architecture
- **Monitoring & Logging** - Comprehensive observability with ELK, Prometheus, and Grafana
- **Security & Compliance** - Enterprise security implementations and compliance frameworks

### Infrastructure Management
- **Network Architecture** - Enterprise network design with high availability
- **Server Management** - On-premise and cloud server provisioning
- **Database Management** - SQL and NoSQL database optimization
- **Storage Solutions** - NAS, SAN, and cloud storage solutions
- **Disaster Recovery** - RTO and RPO optimization with failover mechanisms
- **System Administration** - Linux and Windows system administration

### Website Features
- 🌙 **Dark Theme** - Modern dark interface with cyan accent colors
- 📱 **Responsive Design** - Mobile-friendly layout that works on all devices
- ⚡ **Fast & Lightweight** - Single-page design with optimized performance
- 🎨 **Professional UI** - Modern gradient backgrounds and smooth animations
- 🔗 **Easy Navigation** - Intuitive menu system with smooth scrolling

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

### Supported Platforms
- Kubernetes
- Docker
- Terraform
- Jenkins
- GitLab CI/CD
- GitHub Actions
- Ansible
- Prometheus
- ELK Stack
- ArgoCD
- Helm
- AWS
- Azure
- GCP

## 📊 By The Numbers

- **99.99%** Uptime SLA
- **24/7** Support Coverage
- **500+** Infrastructure Nodes
- **100+** Deployments per Month

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge)
- Python 3.x (for local development)

### Running on GitHub Codespaces (Recommended)

1. **Open in Codespaces**
   - Click the green "Code" button on the repository
   - Select "Codespaces" tab
   - Click "Create codespace on main"

2. **Start the web server** (automatically or manually)
```bash
cd /workspaces/Test-Web-Code
python3 -m http.server 8000
```

3. **Access your website**
   - VS Code will show a popup with the forwarded URL
   - Or go to the "Ports" tab and click the globe icon next to port 8000
   - The forwarded URL will look like: `https://super-computing-machine-XXXXX.app.github.dev`

### Running Locally

1. **Clone the repository**
```bash
git clone https://github.com/tripeshdhoriya/Test-Web-Code.git
cd Test-Web-Code
```

2. **Start a local web server**
```bash
# Using Python 3
python3 -m http.server 8000

# Or using Python 2
python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000
```

3. **Open in your browser**
```
http://localhost:8000
```

## 📁 Project Structure

```
Test-Web-Code/
├── index.html      # Main website file with HTML, CSS, and styling
├── README.md       # This file
└── .gitignore      # Git configuration
```

## 🎨 Design Details

### Color Scheme
- **Background**: Deep Navy (#0f1419, #1a1f2e)
- **Primary Accent**: Cyan/Turquoise (#00bcd4)
- **Text**: Light Gray (#e0e0e0, #b0b0b0)
- **Headers & Gradients**: Deep Blue (#1a237e → #283593)

### Responsive Breakpoints
- **Desktop**: Full-width layout
- **Tablet/Mobile**: Optimized single-column layout (≤768px)

## 📄 Sections Included

1. **Header** - Logo and navigation menu
2. **Hero Section** - Main headline with CTA button
3. **Services** - 6 core service offerings
4. **Infrastructure Management** - 6 infrastructure features
5. **DevOps Solutions** - Technology stack and statistics
6. **Key Features** - 6 highlight features
7. **Contact** - Get in touch section
8. **Footer** - Links and copyright info

## 🔧 Customization

### Modifying Colors
Edit the CSS variables in the `<style>` section:
- Background colors: `#0f1419`, `#1a1f2e`, `#252d3d`
- Accent color: `#00bcd4`
- Text colors: `#e0e0e0`, `#b0b0b0`

### Adding New Sections
1. Add a new `<section>` element to the HTML
2. Add corresponding CSS styles
3. Update navigation links if needed

### Updating Content
Simply edit the HTML content within each section to match your business details.

## 📱 Browser Compatibility

- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)
- Mobile browsers

## 🚢 Deployment

### GitHub Pages
1. Push changes to your GitHub repository
2. Go to Settings → Pages
3. Select "Deploy from a branch"
4. Choose the `main` branch
5. Website will be live at `https://username.github.io/Test-Web-Code`

### Other Hosting Platforms
Simply upload `index.html` to your web hosting service.

## 📝 Content Sections

### Services Section
Displays 6 primary services in a responsive grid with hover effects.

### Infrastructure Management
Shows infrastructure management capabilities with detailed feature cards.

### DevOps Solutions
- Technology badges for all supported tools and platforms
- Statistics dashboard showing key metrics
- Scalability, reliability, security, cost optimization, automation, and monitoring highlights

## 🔐 Security

- No external dependencies - completely self-contained HTML/CSS
- No JavaScript - safe and fast loading
- No tracking or analytics code
- HTTPS-ready for deployment

## 📞 Contact

For questions or support about this website:
- Email: contact@cloudvault.io
- Website: [CloudVault IT Solutions](https://tripeshdhoriya.github.io/Test-Web-Code)

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the MIT License.

## 👨‍💻 Author

Created by **Tripesh Dhoriya**

## 🎯 Future Enhancements

- [ ] Add pricing page with service tiers
- [ ] Case studies and client testimonials
- [ ] Blog section with articles
- [ ] Pricing calculator
- [ ] Team members page
- [ ] Integration with contact form backend
- [ ] Dark/Light theme toggle

## 📚 Documentation

For more information about IT Infrastructure and DevOps best practices, visit:
- [AWS Best Practices](https://aws.amazon.com/best-practices/)
- [Azure Architecture](https://azure.microsoft.com/architecture/)
- [Kubernetes Documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/)
- [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/)
- [DevOps Research](https://devops.com/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to fork, make improvements, and submit pull requests.

## ⭐ Support

If you find this project helpful, please consider:
- Giving it a star ⭐
- Sharing it with others
- Providing feedback for improvements

---

**Version**: 1.0.0  
**Last Updated**: February 17, 2026  
**Status**: Active & Maintained ✅
